# SIGEVO     SUMMER     SCHOOL

[SIGEvo](https://sigevo.org) Summer School 2018 in Osaka, Japan, back-to-back with
[GECCO 2018](http://gecco-2018.sigevo.org/). 

## Dates

July 13, 14, and 19 (plus activities in July 15-19). It will take
place in Osaka the days before the conference, will have some
activities during GECCO proper, and we will wrap up on the afternoon
after GECCO is over.

## Description

SIGEVO is a special interest group of ACM always looking for new ways
to enlarge the community of researchers working in different
biologically inspired metaheuristics. The second SigEvo Summer School
(S3), held in conjunction with GECCO 2018 in Kyoto, is looking for
students and mentors.

The core of the second S3 will take place in Osaka in the days
previous to the conference, and will continue in daily interactions
during the conference proper in Kyoto, finishing in the same day of
the conference later in the afternoon. That way, students will be able
to enjoy and learn during the conference proper at the same time they
meet researchers and advance in their learning tasks. GECCO tutorials,
workshops, and papers will be an integral part of the S3.

Students are expected to:

- Attend the two days before the conference, as well as the session after the conference, is finished, on the same day.

- Have a valid registration to GECCO itself, plus a small fee to  participate in the school.

- Cooperatively work on an assignment and follow the standards of
    proper social and research behavior.
	
- Deliver, by the end of S3, a paper and presentation on what they
  have been working on during it. 

Students of the S3 will be eligible for travel, register and lodging
grants of GECCO.

We specially encourage women and minorities to apply for this summer
school, where everyone is welcome. 

## More information

See the special section on S3 that will appear soon on the web page of
GECCO: http://gecco-2018.sigevo.org/index.html/Summer+School

Any comments or questions on the school organization, please contact
JJ Merelo (jmerelo@ugr.es <mailto:jmerelo@ugr.es>)

## Mentors

Mentors are expected to prepare material in coordination with the rest
of the faculty, as well as deliver talks during the summer school and
mentor their share of students. They will have to be present during
all days the summer school is taking place. 

If you are interested in being a mentor for the second S3, please send
your information (name, affiliation, and contact information) to JJ
Merelo (jmerelo@ugr.es <mailto:jmerelo@ugr.es>).
